So you are really President Lin
Haha, there is a crime ahead.
Try your best, President Lin
I brought Quanzi to apologize to you.
I don't know what you are here for today.
Then I'll be honest.
I came to Huaishuidao this time
I just want to do some restaurant business
Then you've found the right person.
I can help you with any professional materials
What kind of VIP are you receiving?
Even I'm blocked outside
President Qian, why are you here?
Come, come, sit, sit.
What kind of person is Zhao?
You can't even beat me
Could it be this little brother?
President Qian, who can look down on you?
Hey, this is a distinguished guest
Don't worry, dear customer.
I just want to get to know this little brother
Xiaqinxiang cliff
The venue of Xianyang Road Guild
I don't know where the little brother is drinking
President Qian is in Linyi
He is the president of the Jiangnan Dao Guild
How big do you think he is?
Young Master Hyun Hui
You must give me an explanation today
Today with him without me
With me without him
It's all wrong to ask for money
I knew it was your mix
Zhao Yun must be welcome
I still say that
I can only leave one with him today.